receiver/mysql: add metrics based on events_statements_summary_by_digest table (#14477)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/mysqlreceiver/README.md

- `collection_interval` (default = `10s`): This receiver collects metrics on an interval. This value must be a string readable by Golang's [time.ParseDuration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration). Valid time units are `ns`, `us` (or `µs`), `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`.

- `transport`: (default = `tcp`): Defines the network to use for connecting to the server.

> - `perf_events_statements`: Additional configuration for query to build `mysql.perf.events.statements` and `mysql.perf.events.statements.wait.time` metrics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `statement_events`: Additional configuration for query to build `mysql.statement_events.count` and `mysql.statement_events.wait.time` metrics:
```

I think this would follow, based on the suggested metric names. WDYT?

  - `digest_text_limit` - maximum length of `digest_text`. Longer text will be truncated (default=`120`)

>   - `time_limit` - maximum time from since the statements have been observed last time (default=`24d`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `time_limit` - maximum time from since the statements have been observed last time (default=`24h`)
```
